Update readme (#10)
discourse/discourse-gated-topics-in-category: README.md

# discourse-gated-topics-in-category

> This theme component restricts users from accessing topics from specific categories. A prompt will be displayed to encourage logins.

Reviewer: I would recommend rephrasing this just to note that the component only does this visually, i.e. this is NOT a security feature. Maybe we should say 
```suggestion
This theme component allows site admins to show a login prompt that covers the topic contents in specific categories as a way to encourage readers to sign up and log in.
```

Author: Good point!
